Fix: QTable/Table ignore units/descriptions for missing columns (#18588) (#18641)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/table/18641.feature.rst

Setting the ``units`` or ``descriptions`` of ``QTable`` and ``Table``
has been made more flexible for tables with optional columns that may
or may not appear in the data. This applies to directly creating a table 
as well as reading formatted data with the ``read()`` method.

In both cases you can supply ``units`` and ``description`` arguments as a
``dict`` that specifies the units and descriptions for column names in
the table. Previously, if the input table did not contain a column that
was specified in the ``units`` or ``description`` dict, a ``ValueError`` 

> was raised. Now, such columns are simply ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was raised. Now, such columns are simply ignored.

```

> The ``read()`` methods of ``QTable`` and ``Table`` have been made more
> flexible when reading tables with optional columns that may or may not
> appear in the data.
> 
> These methods accept ``units`` and ``description`` arguments as a
> ``dict`` that specifies the units and descriptions for column names in
> the table. Previously, if the input table did not contain a column that
> was specified in the ``units`` or ``description`` dict, a
> ``ValueError`` was raised. Now, such columns are simply ignored.

Reviewer: I read this again today and realized that it is more general since it applies to table creation with the class initializer as well as the `read()` method.
```suggestion
Setting the ``units`` or ``descriptions`` of ``QTable`` and ``Table``
has been made more flexible for tables with optional columns that may
or may not appear in the data. This applies to directly creating a table 
as well as reading formatted data with the ``read()`` method.

In both cases you can supply ``units`` and ``description`` arguments as a
``dict`` that specifies the units and descriptions for column names in
the table. Previously, if the input table did not contain a column that
was specified in the ``units`` or ``description`` dict, a ``ValueError`` 
was raised. Now, such columns are simply ignored.
```
